# Where to Buy

<table data-view="cards" data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th></th><th></th><th></th><th data-hidden data-card-target data-type="content-ref"></th><th data-hidden data-card-cover data-type="files"></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><h2>Steamworks</h2></td><td><a href="../old-toolkit-for-steamworks/steamworks.md">Toolkit for Steamworks <br>(Unreal, Unity &#x26; Godot)</a></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td><a href="broken-reference">Broken link</a></td><td><a href="../.gitbook/assets/Toolkit for Steamworks Both (1).png">Toolkit for Steamworks Both (1).png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2>Physics</h2></td><td><a href="../toolkit-for-physics/physkit/sample-scenes/fantasy-style-ballistic-simulation.md">Ballistics</a></td><td><a href="../toolkit-for-physics/physkit/sample-scenes/1-buoyancy-example.md">Buoyancy</a></td><td><a href="../toolkit-for-physics/physkit/sample-scenes/1-force-effect-fields.md">Force Effects</a></td><td><a href="../toolkit-for-physics/physkit/sample-scenes/2-verlet-spring-skinned-mesh.md">Verlet (Physics Bone)</a></td><td><a href="../toolkit-for-physics/physkit/">physkit</a></td><td><a href="../.gitbook/assets/Card 420x280.png">Card 420x280.png</a></td></tr><tr><td><h2>User eXperience</h2></td><td><a href="../toolkit-for-ui-and-ux/unity/learning/core-concepts/">User eXperience Tools</a></td><td><a href="../toolkit-for-ui-and-ux/unity/learning/ugui-extras/">uGUI Extras</a></td><td></td><td></td><td><a href="../toolkit-for-ui-and-ux/ux.md">ux.md</a></td><td><a href="../.gitbook/assets/Splash Screen (1).png">Splash Screen (1).png</a></td></tr></tbody></table>

## Purchase Options

<table data-card-size="large" data-view="cards" data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th></th><th></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><h2><a href="https://github.com/sponsors/heathen-engineering">Sponsor $15</a></h2></td><td><p>GitHub | Patreon is the best option, most cost-effective and most complete: <a href="become-a-sponsor.md">Learn More</a>.</p><h4><strong>Perpetual Site License</strong></h4><p>This means your entire team can work under the 1 license and the license is yours to keep forever. </p></td><td><h4><strong>Full Access to All Tools Across Engines</strong></h4><p>For just <strong>$15 a month</strong>, subscribers get access to Heathen Engineering's <strong>entire suite of tools</strong> for Unity and Unreal, including the popular Toolkit for Steamworks and Steamworks Foundation.</p></td><td><h4><strong>Instant Updates and All Versions</strong></h4><p>Subscribers get direct access to the <strong>source code repositories</strong>, ensuring instant updates, early fixes, and the ability to download any version of the tools.</p></td><td><h4><strong>Direct Support and Feedback</strong></h4><p>Gain access to <strong>issue and feedback tracking</strong>, where subscribers can report bugs, suggest features, and collaborate with the Heathen Engineering team to improve the tools.</p></td></tr><tr><td><h2>Store $80 - $150</h2></td><td><a href="https://assetstore.unity.com/publishers/5836">Asset Store</a> (Unity), <a href="https://www.fab.com/sellers/Heathen%20Engineering">FAB</a> (Unreal &#x26; Unity) <br>... FAB is available but is a very poorly designed store with limited features and is not recommended.<br><br><strong>Perpetual Per-User License</strong><br>Each store defines its own "standard license" but all use a per-user model. You are meant to buy 1 for each person on the project.</td><td><h4><strong>Single Tool or Bundle of Tools</strong></h4><p>You can purchase each Toolkit individually or <a href="https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/slug/300513">buy the bundle and save an additional 25% <br>(Unity Asset Store Only)</a></p></td><td><h4><strong>Yearly Maintenance Cycle</strong></h4><p>Heathen’s Toolkits are released on a predictable annual cycle, launching every <strong>1st of November</strong> with that year’s updates, content, and elevated support. Community support is always provided for free on the <a href="https://discord.gg/heathen-group-463483739612381204"><strong>Heathen Discord</strong></a> regardless of purchase.</p><p></p><p><strong>Discounts and Grace Period</strong></p><ul><li>Existing owners get an <strong>80% discount</strong> on the next year's base price, ensuring a low-cost way to keep your tools up-to-date with the latest features and support.</li><li>If you purchase near the end of a cycle (close to Nov 1st), there’s a <strong>grace period</strong>—the next version will be free. Contact us on <a href="https://discord.gg/heathen-group-463483739612381204">Discord</a> for more details.</li></ul><p>For example, <strong>Toolkit 2026</strong> will be released on the <strong>1st of November</strong>, 2025. <strong>Owners of the 2025 Toolkit</strong> can -<strong>choose</strong>- to purchase that years cycle for <strong>20% of the base price.</strong> Users retain access to all the tools they already own—<strong>purchasing updates for future years is entirely optional</strong>.</p><p><br></p><p>At the end of the cycle, each toolkit receives its <strong>final update</strong> and is removed from sale to new customers. However, <strong>existing users keep full access</strong> to their tools, you will still be able to download them and use them in new projects for as long as you like.</p></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

Becoming a [sponsor of Heathen on GitHub or Patreon](https://github.com/sponsors/heathen-engineering) is the best way to support us and enable us to deliver more articles, videos, tools, examples, support, and just more! It's also the best way to buy/license all of Heathen's Toolkits, assets and services.

Heathen keeps 100% of the fee (less payment processing) from the Sponsor option. You get access to all of our tools, a site-based license and instant updates. The stores are maintained for those that prefer them but they do take 30% of the fee and require significantly more administration on our part and thus they are simply not as efficient of a place to license Heathen Tools.

{% hint style="success" %}
Sponsoring Heathen at the $15 Monthly (or greater 🤪) [GitHub Sponsor](https://github.com/sponsors/heathen-engineering) tier is the best way to get all of our great tools.

\
You can cancel your subscription at any time and **KEEP** using the assets you installed. Our [license](heathen-license-agreement.md) **DOES NOT** expire when you cancel your subscription.\
\
Cancelling your subscription only removes your ability to access the Source Repository so if later you want or need updates you can simply sub for another month at your leisure.
{% endhint %}

{% embed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8uBq_BrMgY" %}
